Half an hour away from the opens at Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. Let's get your top stories
today. Stocks across Asia Pacific edging
slightly higher as you can see there on
the screens here. S&P 500 closing above
6,300 for the first time in forever.
Now, Japanese equities in the green
while bond yields are on the up. Prime
Minister Ishiba apologizing for his
party's election set. Commodity prices
in focus this morning as China's mega
dam project in Tibet fuels bets on
heightened demand for iron, steel, and
cement.
>> And Philippine President Verden Marcos
Jr. is set to meet Donald Trump at the
White House as he seeks to reduce lower
tariffs and reaffirm defense ties.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the show. a
glance at markets right now where
slightly to the upside but as you can
see when I'm just looking underneath the
hood with the exception of Japan which
is reopening today there's really not a
lot of volume still and we'll see what
happens because onore markets actually
speaking of volumes it's the opposite
that's been taking place recently there
where I think we're almost 3 4 weeks
into July the CSI 300 has yet to close
lower more than four times it's been
three down days we've talked about
turnover we'll talk about that in
further detail later on as Well, uh, as
far as the data points, kind of quiet,
we we'll see what the RBAN suggests.
Backward looking of course there, but
it's really the export orders out of
Taiwan and that market's opening up
right now, which might be more a leading
indicator given where the market TSMCs,
flip the boards, please. And I, as I say
that Singapore, of course, is now on 12
days of gains. Right, a quick glance at
a macro board on your screens. 40-year
yield in Japan is up about three basis
points. Nothing happening in the
Treasury market so far.
slightly stronger dollar story unchanged
as far as precious metals are concerned.
The story overnight, excuse me, in
Chinese listings in the US, I guess
couple of names to watch going into
today. New Oriental uh education was
down 6.6%.
Uh slight bit across some of the
platform companies, but certainly I
think might be indicative that the
recent rally might be sort of hitting a
wall today as far as that specific uh is
concerned. Speaking of new, just new
world development. I get I think got an
upgrade from Goldman Sachs yesterday. Uh
so we'll see what happens with the stock
later on. Futures are pointing slightly
to the upside and of course bond futures
are continuing. Well, this was the move
that we had yesterday, half of 1%. We'll
see what this looks like in a couple of
minutes. But yes, suffice to say a lot
of the cross asset plays have really
become front and center on this mega dam
project. Everything from infrastructure
and everything else of course in
between. Yeah, we we were trying to
figure out what was going on in the
whole commodity side of things yesterday
with these massive gains in iron ore.
We're talking about like four-year highs
now
>> for the Singapore futures. And so and
then it just became clear this is this
mega dam is really causing a lot of you
know market movements
>> because of just the sheer scale and size
of it for one thing. Of course there's
the political implications as well but
really the market implications on how it
can actually be boosting growth as well
for China too. on the scale of the
project, right? Everything from cement,
you know, a couple of infrastructure
stocks on the mainland were limit up
yesterday 10%.
>> The on on the macro side, you had a
meltup in yields on the back of a
perhaps more spending
>> and that it might be able to unlock, you
know, you know, bottlenecks and growth
as far as that part of the country is
concerned. But yes, so the 30-year yield
actually saw one of well, 30-year bond
futures actually saw one of its worst
days in in a couple of weeks yesterday.
So, we'll see what happens with that.
Apart from that, Japan of course is
reopening as well today.
>> Yeah. And it doesn't seem like we just
came through an election. Like with the
market reaction,
>> it could be really any day. I could I
could tell he's BOJ there. You wouldn't
be able to tell the difference.
>> Yeah. Despite this historic sort of
setback for Ishaba, you know, he's just
kind of hanging, I guess, his you know,
his his leadership and all that. So
certainly that's still what's that
something that's weighing on the market.
But I think that 40-year bond auction is
still something that is hanging in the
minds of many bond traders as well. So
maybe this is just a unsettling sort of
calm that we're seeing and we're seeing
that across risk assets as well, right?
This sort of rare calm that we're seeing
this summer uh when it comes to risk
assets. But I think there's a whole
there's a great story talking about this
Trump put that seems to be put back into
stocks for example or even some of the
Trump trades as well. It's not it's gone
from kind of taco to now maybe a Trump
put.
>> Yeah, we have a story on that that talks
about it's it's not just now a concept,
right? A lot of the big funds have
actually gotten in on that. In fact, we
were talking about the S&P above 6,300,
right? And who would have thought that
we'd be hitting record after record
again here on that specific trade.
Although underneath the hood, you know,
I had a look at market breath for
example. You know, here's a statistic
for you. While we are at record highs,
just 7% of S&P 500 companies are
actually at 52- week highs. So, in terms
of it's not just me that has bad breath,
>> it's okay. They can't smell it through
the TV screen. Just kidding. You don't
have bad breath. Anyway, someone who
does have good breath. Let's let's let's
bring Stephanie along in of course
>> the chief investment officer of Stash
Away. She joins us now. Um do I keep
leaning into risk assets?
>> Yeah question. I think the the rally
that we've seen basically has been
perhaps one of the most painful like
kind of meltup that we've seen. People
aren't positioned for that. And
particularly if we look at kind of
underlying flows, it's been corporates
buying back uh their stock that drove
indexes back to the all-time highs. Um
and I think if we look at kind of look
forward into August or into summer that
tends to be seasonally quite weak. So
August uh September tends to be the
weakest months of the year. And of
course like given how hard like risky
assets have rally um and we have a
looming kind of trade deadline which is
to be seen whether it's the deadline or
not. Uh that seems to be set up for
perhaps a summer pullback um that um
would would set things back a little
bit. However, when we look at the
underlying fundamentals, I mean, they
still remain quite strong, right?
There's a very very little risk of US
going into a recession anytime soon. If
anything, I mean, the market is still
pricing in a 50 basis points of Fed cuts
into year end, which um I mean could be
very very positive for risky assets. Of
course, that depends on like what Donald
Trump says about power as well, but I
mean that potentially creates some sort
of um I guess near-term volatility.
However, when we look at kind of the
inflation picture and the growth
picture, it still seems quite behind.
So, um I think I do think that um if we
think about the the themes that we've
talked about uh since the beginning of
the year, remember fat is the new normal
FAT uh fiscal dominance, AI, Trump and
these are all playing out and I they are
actually uh uh I guess quite positive
for risky markets uh in at least kind of
in the next 12 months.
So do I how do I manage US equity
exposure though at this point in time is
is my question given the themes that you
mentioned certainly are at play and
still are at play there. Yeah, I think I
mean we've always advocated a
diversified approach to portfolios. I
mean to that end for example I mean uh
most of our portfolios actually have
gold. Uh in fact all our portfolios have
gold in the asset allocations. I mean it
acted as a very very good diversifier
during times of stress. Um I mean
recently of course it's been
consolidating but I mean if you kind of
look at how much gold have done this
year the consolidation has actually been
quite uh shallow I would say which shows
that I mean people are still not
overallocated to the asset right there.
They're still kind of uh buying to asset
for the long term uh for the I guess a
story of um uh debasement and and
sovereign kind of dollars fiscal
dominance. All these actually lead to
kind of much stronger gold prices over
the long period. Also of course central
banks keep buying. So I mean that is
still like a very very strong force
going on within the US. I think we still
prefer the technology sectors. I mean if
you if you look at kind of what are the
leading companies uh that are kind of in
in this wave of recovery. I mean these
are sort of what we call the AI 2.0
companies right so AI 1.0 was basically
what we've seen since 2022. These are
the infrastructure companies like the
LLM like related the kind of uh uh
infrastructure cloud players and back
sevens. uh I think a important but
subtle transition that we've seen is
that the market's focus has gone from
these pure infrastructure companies into
companies that can actually make use of
the infrastructure. So company software
companies is a very good example.
>> Yeah. The narrative maybe a few months
ago was that you know there was concerns
in the market about these big tech
companies spending too much on AI. It
seems like now that narrative's gone
back to the old days of if they spend
more, it's actually good for these
stocks. You know, how should I be
looking at big tech overall then now and
these capex plans?
>> Yeah, I think if you look at big tech,
they have actually outperformed the
market year to date, right? even though
they have recovered, they have not
recovered as much as the market and a
big part of that is sort of I think the
earlier concern about uh spending but
also a somewhat positioning kind of uh I
guess rotation because everybody was
actually so focused on these Mac 7
stocks before. However, I think uh into
as we kind of progress through the year
because AI is developing so quickly uh
what we realize that is that um the kind
of the bottleneck in terms of LLM uh
development is getting resolved. So we
have new techniques like for example
reinforcement learning that's actually
enabling uh LLMs to be uh much kind of
much more unlimited in terms of the data
they can train on. So it's not just
what's available in the internet anymore
like actually these LLMs can create new
data sets to train on and therefore you
see I mean meta kind of uh uh uh uh
announcing big capex plans. I think
you've seen like XAI also trying to
catch up. all these great guys are
spending and I think that's actually um
uh great for the ecosystem as a whole
and I think that's sort of like just
going to continue
>> okay um another popular theme has been
Europe
um do you think that trade's gotten
slightly too too crowded overvalued what
do you think about Europe these days
>> yeah we actually put out a piece on
Europe so when we look at kind of on the
at the delta of course like you have
Germany like doing uh big fiscal
spending which pertains to our first
theme right fiscal dominance.
>> So that is on at the margin great for I
I guess great for European growth.
However, of course like Europe Europe
still faces a lot of structural
challenges. Uh for example regulation,
for example, demographics. Uh and I mean
these are not easily changeable. So our
approach to investing in Europe is just
to be more targeted and more focused. Uh
we prefer for example Germany, we prefer
like Spain, we prefer the industrials. I
mean these are sectors that gives you
good exposure to increase fiscal
spending. Uh and I mean these sectors
would continue to benefit like for some
time and I guess valuation on a relative
basis is still quite reasonable. So uh
that's kind of what we think.
>> Uh final question the and I mean this
respectfully should I care about Japan
>> given what's going on or
>> looks like looks like the market is not
taking a lot of uh kind of note. Uh but
we think I mean we still like Japan over
the long term right and and here when I
say long term you really have to zoom
out because Japan remember comes out
from deflation for 30 years right
>> and I mean it takes time to kind of play
out and if you look at Europe uh if you
look at like Japanese uh uh JGB
long-term rates right they at 3%. And
this is actually very very meaningful uh
and the reason why is sheiba is losing
part of that is also because of
inflation. So when inflation actually
starts to come into Japan um it will
change kind of uh the the the the I
guess the the thinking in terms of wages
in terms of spending but these takes
time. I mean they won't change
overnight. So
>> is it still the macro hedge though
Japan? Uh I I guess I mean Japanese yen
is still a sort of a safe haven asset.
But of course I would argue that given
uh the kind of the volatility that we
see um uh I mean gold for example is a
better
>> is better than yen as a hedge than yen
as a hedge right. Okay. Well, thank you
so much, Stephanie Long there, chief
investment officer at Stasha Away,
right? As we were just talking about
there, right, JGB is that now a sort of
yield play um on your screens, the cash
market is reopening today, 310 to 1% uh
your 10-year yield, the 30-year yield,
nothing really happening today. I was
going to say vulnerable, but it's
market's telling us um otherwise.
Anyway, uh Ishiba says that he does plan
to put all his efforts into negotiating
a trade deal with the US amidst concerns
that what's happened recently might put
that aside. Have a look.
>> We must protect Japan's interest in
trade talks with the US keeping in mind
the deadline of August 1st. I have
passed this message to US Secretary
Bessant when he recently visited.
Akazawa will be visiting the US from
today and I hope to show tangible
results in trade talks soon.
>> And let's go live to Tokyo now and our
Japan politics and economics reporter
Sakura Murakami is there with us.
Sakura, good morning. U talk to us about
these trade talks. What's the latest and
how are things going?
So the top Japanese negotiator Yse
Akazawa is already in uh in DC right now
and he'll be looking to meet with his
counterparts that's namely Treasury
Secretary Scott Besson also uh Lutnik
Grier. So that's going on at the moment.
The messaging from Japan hasn't changed
hugely. They're still talking about
investment over tariffs. Um but so far
also um Bessant has said the agreement
has to be good for American citizens. So
there seems to be a little bit of a gap
in the messaging there. Um we'll see how
Akazawa deals with the trade talks and
what will come out of the um what will
come out of his visit to the US
and in the meantime you know
domestically he is dealing with now
majority in the upper house and you know
the first there's really a historic sort
of setback there Sakura what does this
mean and what he has to do now to really
kind of drum up support does this mean
that Ishba is going to have to
compromise on tax cuts.
>> Yeah. So, um inflation was a big topic
of this issue and this is all of the
well pretty much all of the opposition
parties campaigned on a a sales tax cut
pledge. And although the LDP, the ruling
LDP said that they didn't want to do
that, that they wanted to uh secure
Japan's fiscal health um with a minority
in both the upper and lower house. This
might be a concession that uh Prime
Minister Rashiba, if he does stay on,
will have to look to make um the a
possibility of um who or which party the
LDP and Kito could work with. that could
be possibly the largest opposition
party, the constitutional democratic
party. They have the most kind of uh uh
like cautious out of the tax cut pledges
of the opposition parties. But at the
moment with um the Liberal Democratic
Party having very low support in
general, um it's not great for the
opposition parties to work with the LDP,
the optics of working with the LTP won't
really reflect very well on them either.
So, uh, everyone's in sort of an awkward
position. Everyone is, uh, there's a lot
of uncertainty, so we'll have to see how
things play out over the next weeks and
months as well.
>> Sakura, thank you. Sakura Murakami
there, our Japan politics and economics
reporter joining us out of Tokyo this
morning. And coming up, Treasury
Secretary Scott Besson says the next
round of US China trade talks could
include a discussion on Russian and
Iranian oil. We have detail the latest
trade talks next. We're also kind of the
open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
Hong Kong. This is the China Show.
[Music]
All right, take a look when it comes to
your agenda today. We're watching this
ashare market rally. So, a pretty nent
one, but there are signs that Dave
mentioned when it comes to turnover that
maybe things are catching up to all the
action that we're seeing here in Hong
Kong as well. We talked about the
infrastructure plays. Uh, you know,
really has come to down to that mega dam
and really kind of we're seeing a bit of
a risk rally when it comes to some of
the infrastructure, cement stocks, the
like and of course the commodity side of
things as well. Following hybrid is one
thing. We have a good note coming on
through from Goldman Sachs on New World.
We'll get you that later. But ASM
Pacific is what we're dealing with when
it comes to earnings today and Goorek
some news on the Apple supplier there on
them refiling for a Hong Kong IPO.
>> Yep. That reapproach to the runway as
they say. Okay, let's talk let's talk
about the US now and trade talks and
where we are as far as that sort of
slowmoving story is concerned. Treasury
Secretary Scott Bessent says that the
next round of those talks could actually
include a discussion of China's
purchases of Russian and Iranian oil.
Jill Dies is with us right now to talk
us through this, our news desk editor.
And well, when are those next talks
going to be is my is my other question
there too.
>> Yeah, David, I think um what we're kind
of gearing up for here is um I mean
first of all, the way I would take
Besson's comments are essentially, you
know, they've um at least at this point
settled the economic trade matters in at
least one sense. Obviously, we had those
Geneva talks. Um, you know, we've had
quite a bit of a a pause on certainly
some of the harshest uh, you know, sort
of USChina retaliatory tariff efforts
here. And so now it does feel like we're
moving into perhaps a new phase of these
uh, talks. Now, um, I think at this
point, you know, we've obviously seen
several uh, steps that the US and China
have taken to kind of cool off tensions
a bit. uh most recently uh the Nvidia
chips approval to have Nvidia um you
know continue to to import um you know
some of its chips back into China. So
there's some sort of a lessening of
tensions there. I would really look to
what Secretary of State Marco Rubio said
just a couple of weeks ago was that
there is strong desire on both sides for
a Trumpi meeting. That's what came out
of his meeting with the Chinese foreign
minister Wangi. Um I if you're looking
in terms of timing I mean a good
opportunity would potentially be the
apex summit uh in Seoul later this year.
So that's rounding out around um you
know the end of October there. So I
think again at this point you are seeing
a little bit of a cooling off of
tensions. Obviously these latest
comments from Bessant maybe raise the
spectre that national security could
once again enter the com uh conversation
when these two sides do have more high
level talks. But yes, I'd say at least
at this point in time and of course
anything can change but at least at this
point in time it does seem like we're
slowly kind of paving the road for that
eventual meeting between uh Donald Trump
and Xiinping.
>> Yeah, anything can change. We're seeing
that in in how these EU and and US trade
talks are evolving as well. First they
were thinking maybe 10% and now we're
thinking talking about preparing for the
worst for the block. Yes, that's right,
Ivon. I mean I think um you know really
the tune there changed after Donald
Trump sent that 30% tariff letter to the
EU. I think that was you know quite
unwelcome when um you know these two
sides had been negotiating and there was
at least um you know some kind of a
belief that perhaps they'd secure a
baseline 10% tariff with maybe some
exemptions. Now, it does appear that as
Trump and the Trump administration have
really hardened their stance ahead of
this August 1st deadline, um maybe
there's less scope for some of the
exemptions that the EU has been looking
for. I think they're still targeting
potentially some on, you know, aviation,
um maybe some medical supplies, but
again, really difficult to tell there. I
think if you're the EU at this point in
time, I mean, we've got what, like two
weeks before, uh, this August one
deadline. Um, really difficult to try
to, you know, imagine how they're going
to be negotiating something, although
obviously they are pushing pretty
strongly for, you know, additional
negotiations, but I think at this point
in time, the EU is really thinking about
what kinds of retaliatory measures they
could potentially implement here. So,
we'll see how that ends up going over
the next couple of weeks.
>> Jill, thank you so much. Jill D is
there, our news desk editor. The
approach to the open today just uh 7
minutes away and we are looking at
25,000 now. So we're north of that level
on the hingen index. Another day of
gains is priced in the onshore markets.
And the other thing that's taking place
is iron ore is up a further 6 to9 bucks
depending on which contract you're
looking at here. Now on the longest
winning streak for iron ore going back
two years. We'll unpack all those market
themes for you in a moment. A preview of
the trading day ahead. This is the China
show. Good morning.
[Music]
Welcome back. Just a preview of really a
theme that's emerged because of this
mega project that was of course a big
news over the weekend here. Yeah. So
everything from cement, iron, ore, metal
infrastructure plays which were as you
can see one and a half% yesterday. So
we'll track what happens here very
closely. Bond futures as well. We talked
about this meltup in yields and half of
1% actually takes you back a couple of
weeks to see a a move of this magnitude.
Dian iron is already trading as you can
see we're now north of 810. That's one
theme. The other theme related to this
of course is this reemergence of the
onore markets with the CSI 300 back to
the highest level here since the week I
believe of the US elections last year.
Uh turnover has picked up in July to
about just under one and a half trillion
daily. That's rem. So that monthly
average almost takes you back to right
after the deepseek moment early this
year. So let's see what happens going
into the open today. Ivon.
>> Yep. In terms of your analyst actions,
an interesting note from Goldman when it
comes to New World. So it's not just New
World, but maybe Hong Kong. They're call
that the property market here is showing
early signs of stabilization. So they're
upgrading New World uh to neutral here
on the back of also that improved
liquidity situation after that
refinancing deal. So there you go. Price
target at 550. Sidol line also cut to a
sell at Goldman though, but Bank of
China Hong Kong also cut to neutral at
JP Morgan. There you go. We got the
pre-market looking okay. Futures are
pretty flat this morning, but yes,
plenty more to come. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the show. And
your news today is no news. It's very
quiet out there. Um although market wise
we're getting some price moves to talk
about today despite the lack of or maybe
because of who knows really uh the lack
of news out there. Uh we're still seeing
equity markets complacent and the path
of leash resistance seems to be
anti-gravity to the upside. S&P record
highs and what's taking place in greater
China is also uh an up arrow story
broadly speaking across both sides China
and and here in Hong Kong.
>> You shouldn't have said it though. No
news. You think it just jinxed it. Okay.
You're waking up the news. God had
>> to take a day off then.
>> We'll see. Yeah, we need a breather,
right, from time to time. Uh you take a
look when it comes to Yeah, you
mentioned all those things, right?
Certainly there's still some positives
going on in this China equity rally. You
know, Hong Kong was certainly the big
theme and the outperformance there. And
Dave mentioned, right, don't forget
about the onshore market. We're slowly
starting to see the CSI 300, for
example, turn a little bit to the upside
there, right? You talk about the
turnover. I think he's talked about that
$1.5 trillion dollar and a on average
this month in turnover on shore and the
CSI 300 basically has only closed down
lower by about 3 days out of this month
right so um don't disclo you know
discount it for for now certainly we're
flat when it comes to the onshore market
though here so far a lot of the action
right we talk about this dam is what
we're seeing in when it comes to
commodities right we're seeing in the
Singapore futures but in Dalian as well
continue to see iron ore up to 1% and
we're very much close to uh some big
superlatives, right? I think the
Singapore contracts are at four month
highs, the first monthly gain since
January and the Dalian futures are
actually on course for the longest
winning streak we've seen in two years,
right? So yes, it's it's about the mega
dam, but you ask a lot of the traders
out there and what's really behind these
very big surges uh in prices is also
this whole attempt from Beijing to rein
in over capacity and perhaps that's be
the kind of the reason why we are seeing
more of this movement because it's it's
going to be good for overall steel
prices and overall industry
profitability according to some analysts
out there as well. Hong Kong is doing
this right now. Not a whole lot of
movement. In fact, you're seeing HStech
slightly on offer here today. Hang Sang
is slightly to the upside but as Dave
mentioned we breached above that 25,000
psychological level which is quite
telling as well on how things are going
and tech is kind of all over the place
here today right so tense Alibaba mtoan
are lower bu is higher here as well
we're watching uh the Hong Kang property
gauge as well that's up some nine ten 1%
goldman coming out with an interesting
line saying early signs of stabilization
in the Hong Kong property market mention
about rental all that like here new
world is how they're upgrading it so far
just given that refinancing deal. In
terms of stocks to watch, we're talking
a little bit more about the housing
sector. Some of these uh property
managers, if we go back to that, there
were some lines there from Shinua
talking about the need to kind of help
out this this industry and the like
here. And we're also watching
infrastructure plays, right? So
yesterday it was cement, iron and ore,
the miners, you talk about steel. I
mean, you're seeing it cross asset right
now, the impact of this dam. And really
we got to talk about more about what
this really means, right? And overall
China's clean energy goals and the like,
but there's also a lot of controversy
around the scale of it and the location
as well, Dave.
>> Yeah, because it's it's I mean it's a
dam. So it's literally at in the you
know at the intersection of sort of key
mega rivers. It's also which happens to
also be near areas of of of actual uh
borders as well. This just gives you a
snapshot, a closeup of where it is
relatively speaking of course in the
region there. And of course the big news
on the weekend, China did launch this
construction of this massive project of
course in Sidang that is Tibet three
times the size of the previous mega
project of course which was I think a
couple of decades back there. Uh here's
the thing economically it is expected to
provide a boost provide of course an
energy mix there as well unlock areas of
growth there. uh perhaps even siphon in
a lot of materials, cement, steel. It
does carry some risks though and I think
we're just at the very beginning early
innings of this as well. Um things like
damage to biodiversity
uh India of course intensions there as
well given of course where it is
literally speaking that's because
certainly when you look at the river
that does run through uh the state in
northeast India is of course a key area
concerns over impact on water flows for
example. Now, in terms of the actual
cost, and this might also go into what
we're seeing as far as price action in
the CGB space, right? So, futures were
down half of 1% yesterday. Yields have
been pushing higher. There you go. 100
nearly 170 billion dollar and it could
take at least a decade. So, literally,
we'll be talking about the story for a
couple of years to complete. But yeah,
um suffice to say this is this is
certainly something with a lot of
implications. Ivon.
>> Yeah. Let's get to someone that's been
really tracking all this and and you
know really you know behind this whole
massive massive uh project as well and
bring in Dan Merrt uh to to tell us a
bit more about this. Right. First of all
maybe tell us a bit more about the scale
of this the economic benefits that it
has for China before we kind of get to
maybe some of the other risks out there.
>> First that you know there's still a lot
of details we don't know uh about the
project. uh they mentioned that it's
going to be basically a cascade of five
separate uh five separate hydropower
projects. They have not uh told us what
the actual capacity that they're
intending to build is but uh uh state
engineers of power China have previously
said that this stretch of the Yang Sango
River could house 70 gawatts of power.
That's three times bigger than the the
three gorgeous dam which is currently
the the biggest, you know, power plant
in the world. It's it's more than all
the power plants in Poland combined. So,
you know, we're looking at potentially
an absolutely, you know, massive uh
project, but you know, it's also going
to be incredibly challenging. You know,
it's a very remote area. Uh this is one
of the last parts of China, one of the
last counties of China that was even
connected by highway. Uh so, just
getting the the kinds of equipment uh
you know, hydro power turbines, workers,
like getting those people there is going
to be a challenge in and of itself. Uh
and so, you know, when you look at the
price tag and you look at the time that
they're looking at building the stuff,
uh you can sort of start to to see, you
know, some of the challenges that
they're going to be facing and will need
to overcome.
>> Yeah. Dan, do we know enough to have at
least early estimates of how this might
boost well, number one, economic growth
and what this might also do as it
pertains to the energy the energy mix uh
mix as far as the upside there is
concerned specifically.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I I think that we
can sort of take some uh some good
educated guesses at this. You know, the
I mean, one the one thing we do know is
they've put a price tag on it and you
know, it's big enough as you mentioned,
David, that we're we're looking at
something that is going to affect the
macro picture in China. Uh we we've seen
bond yields, we've seen stocks, we've
seen, you know, commodity prices all
move on it. Uh this is a you know, Tibet
is one of the uh poorer regions of of
China, so there's going to be some
economic stimulus there. uh you know the
there's concerns from a biodiversity
standard uh or standpoint because this
is you know area where you have like
cool dry Himalayan air meeting warm wet
moist air from the the Indian Ocean and
and so it's a really really unique uh
spot from a biodiversity standpoint. So
we're hopeful that all these workers
they bring don't trample it there. Um
but in terms of the the energy
standpoint, you know, it's a it's a
super interesting project. It's it's
just in terms of how, you know, much
money it's going to cost and how big it
is. It's probably a lot more expensive
than just building out wind and solar.
But what we've seen here is as China's
had this huge energy transition is that
wind and solar have done a good job of
reducing the amount of coal that needs
to be burned, but it's not really yet
replacing coal because you still need,
you know, when the sun goes down, when
the wind stop blow stops blowing, you
need coal power plants as sort of
backups to them. what this project is,
if they're able to build it and they're
able to succeed, uh this this project is
a coal killer. This this can replace uh
coal plants, they'll be able to shut
down, you know, 50 60 70 coal power
plants with the amount of power this
generates. And so that's the kind of
upside that they're looking for. Uh but
again, it's it's you know, several years
off and it's it's going to be a really
challenging project to bring in on time
and on budget. So, you know, we have a
long way to go before we see if they're
able to realize that dream.
>> Yeah. So a coal killer as you say
potentially but it's also been quite
controversial right what
environmentalists have said it's also
led to a lot of concerns in India can
you tell us a bit more about you maybe
some of the political implications
around this too
>> yeah the the Yangbo river it's it's you
know one of these uh rivers that has
headarters up in the the Himalayas that
feeds you know wines and goes through
after it leaves China and goes into
India to Bangladesh becomes the
brahmaputra you know there's there's
lots of uh down river you know uses both
for agriculture for for irrigation uh
and you know India also wants to to use
this river for power for hydropower and
so you know because of the lack of
details about the project you know there
there's a lot of questions on the Indian
side of you know will China be able to
use this to to sort of you know is a
upper upper riparian controlling the
lower riparian and and will they be able
to like reduce the the flow of the river
into India. Is this a potential sort of
geopolitical tool? China has so far you
know the denied that that's the plan and
they say there will be no impact on
downstream areas. Um but you know
without any more details it's it's tough
to to tell and it's going to be very
difficult for India to feel assuaged
that uh you know it's its u neighbor who
it doesn't always have the friendliest
relationships with is uh is going to uh
treat it kindly once the once this
project's around.
All right, Dan, thank you so much. Dan
Meraw there uh in Beijing for us. Right,
this I guess that's a perfect segue to
go into then the other parts of the
energy mix, but certainly the equity
market implication there is uh really
thinning margins or what margins in some
cases the solar industry certainly now
uh shares have rallied as you can see
call it 11 and a half% going into today
since the the end of May. Now, Beijing
has been working to really cut excess
capacity in the sector, boosting bets
that profits will recover. Let's bring
in Abberak Fisho, our senior Asia
equities reporter in Singapore to talk
us through this the latest iteration of
trying to stifle the price competition
in many sectors here. Uh, Abishek, will
this work? What are they doing? And what
are we seeing as far as markets go?
>> Yeah, I mean it will work and it's like
any other sector. Anti-involution has
become a sort of a movement and a
buzzing word like our team has reported
in the past and it is across the
sectors. I mean solar is just one of
those sectors which is leading it right
now. But we have also seen you know
similar measures and similar movements
and measures from government side and
even from company's side you know as far
as AI is concerned new age industries
like EVs are concerned. So it's
happening across industry. I mean um
China has is surrounded by deflationary
forces right? So it has to come out of
that and this uh these steps are
naturally you know going in this
direction to cut uh curb excess capacity
idle capacity and um it is uh showing up
in uh stock market as well. I mean um
it's not just about uh valuations now as
you cut excess capacity you know your
costs go down that shows up in your
bottom line which becomes important EPS
and then goes to PE as well and
therefore we are seeing one of these
photo Waltoyic uh you know um index
carrying um uh you know these stocks
which is up about 11% I think uh and set
for second uh straight month of
outperformance versus CSI so it's
showing up in different parts of equity
market and solar industry is one part
where it's leading from the front.
>> So, so certainly there's the rhetoric
around, you know, curbing these sort of
price wars and the like. I'm just
wondering in terms of overall the
earnings picture though, right? I mean,
it looks pretty bleak right now
according to one of the, you know, some
of the ones that we've seen the profit
warnings out there from Long Green
Energy for example. You know, if
anything, it shows us this recovery is
is not going to be too smooth sailing.
Yeah. Yeah. The earnings picture is a
bit of a to be sure. Long green, you
know, is expected to post semiannual
loss, but that's uh like one part of the
story, like one graph of the entire
copy, right? It's not the full story. Um
valuations are really cheap. Uh these uh
things would show up in you know
earnings from one year from now. So, and
we are trading one year forward
estimate. So, in that context, yes, it's
you know, the reported earnings would be
a to be sure. uh but uh it's definitely
flowing into uh the you know future
earnings estimate and that's the same
thing across the sector and it you know
if you put together solar and and other
sectors where this is happening this is
going in the direction of an economic
reset you know where you're sort of
weeding out counter counterproductive uh
supply um uh you know on one end and
that's shoring up the bottom line and on
the other hand you have got these uh
mega capacity creations like you know
the dam project that you're talking
about. So that shows up uh in you know
GDP and economy as quickly as uh you
know a a building or a road shows up. So
on both ends China is trying to address
uh the problems which have put it into a
in a deflationary sort of scenario and
as it comes out of it it becomes an even
um you know interesting bet across the
sectors not just solar.
Abishek, thank you. Abishek Vishnoy
there, our Bloomberg senior Asia
equities reporter joining us from
Singapore. And still ahead, we are going
to be speaking with Bank J Saffra
Sarasan about why they think a long-term
case for Chinese stocks could become
more attractive. Her EM outlook coming
up next. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
According to what we've learned, Miss
Mao Chenu is involved in a criminal case
currently being handled by Chinese law
enforcement authorities and is subjected
to exit restrictions in accordance with
the law. Pursuant to Chinese laws, with
the case still under investigation, Miss
Mau cannot leave the country for the
time being and has an obligation to
cooperate with the investigation.
China's foreign ministry spokesperson
there speaking about a Wells Fargo
banker who has been blocked from leaving
the country. And this comes as the US
also confirms that a US patent and
trademark office employee has been
barred from leaving China. For more,
let's go to our senior China politics
reporter James Mer. He joins us live
from Beijing. And James, it seems like
we're we're hearing a little bit more
about these exit bans. There's been a
number of US residents or citizens who
have been detained in China recently. Is
that rising now?
I
>> mean, there's been two cases in the last
week, so it definitely seems to be
rising, but this is not a new problem.
You know, there's num there's a number
of US citizens and and citizens of other
countries who've also been subjected to
these exit bans. And and part of the
problem with them is that, you know, the
process is very very opaque. You know,
in the case of of Ma, the Wells Fargo
banker, for example, you have the
foreign ministry is now saying she's
somehow connected to a criminal case,
which is why she's been said they told
she can't leave. There's been other
cases which have been reported where the
family members, US citizens who are
family members of a Chinese person who
has fled China are also subject to an
exit ban in an attempt to pressure, you
know, the person who fled and is accused
of criminal actions in China to come
back. So, you know, holding children or
wives or ex-wives as hostages in a sense
um to try and force something try and
force someone to do something. And so,
you know, part of the problem is that
these these exit bans are very, you
know, why they're imposed is very
opaque. There's no real announcements
about them and then suddenly, you know,
it comes out in the press that, you
know, these people are are are unable
unable to leave China and have been
unable to leave China for quite some
time. And then you know there's a lot of
concern obviously from other US citizens
and other nationalities in China whether
they might be subject to this too if
they get into a business dispute or
there's some problem. I mean the case of
the other US government employee who
works with the commerce department. Uh
he's apparently been held in China for
months now. He's he's able to travel
around the country but he's not allowed
to leave. And so you know obviously this
creates a lot of concern amongst other
people here about you know whether they
can be subject to the same situation.
And really, you know, as much as China
says it's a country with a rule of law,
uh it's not like you can really appeal
these kinds of things and get your your
day in court quickly or or or you know,
in some cases with a lawyer. So, you
know, it's it's quite problematic.
>> Yeah. And James, how does how does this
all at least well these two specific
cases, let's take them because it seems
to be case to case as well. How do these
two fit into the broader negotiations on
trade and should they fit into that
separate or perhaps broader
conversation?
I I think especially the case of the the
commerce department employee who works
for the US patent office is going to you
know is going to raise concerns in in
Washington because apparently the reason
he was detained was that he used to work
for the US military in in in the in the
US and he was detained because he didn't
disclose that and then interrogators or
people who have been interrogating him
have been asking him questions about his
military service. So, um, you know, that
that's going to be obviously a concern
for the for the US that this person who
just happened to travel to China on on a
private visit, he who's formerly Chinese
citizen, now a US citizen, he's being
asked questions about, you know, the US
government or US security policy, these
kinds of things. Uh, the other case, I
mean, if it is just a criminal case and
you know, this this Wells Fargo banker
is somehow involved with that, maybe
that would become less. I mean there are
there's plenty of Chinese citizens who
are in jail or or who are you know
witnesses in criminal cases in the US
which and that doesn't become a question
of international significance. So maybe
that one again that one that doesn't you
know figures are prominently but but
there is you know there has been concern
for years from the US government about
the Chinese use of exit bans as a tool
of either foreign policy or to domestic
policy as I mentioned to try and force
officials who've embezzled money and
then fled the country to return and this
is only going to raise those concerns
about you know are are US citizens safe
in China is obviously going to be a
question that the US government is is
concerned about.
>> James, thank you. James Mer there in
Beijing for us, our senior China
politics reporter. In some other news
this morning, uh Vietnam is bracing
really for the same weather system that
we have across many parts of the Asia
Pacific, including here in Hong Kong. Uh
well, it's forecast to intensify to a
strong tropical storm before making
landfall uh at some point today. Now in
a couple of hours if not already being
felt that the government has warned of
potential flooding including in
provinces where companies including
Samsung and Hanghai have factories. Uh
WHIPA has developed east of the
Philippines last week and actually
lashed Hong Kong on Sunday with Gale
force winds. Now, officials uh and cyber
security researchers say that hackers
have exploited a flaw in Microsoft
SharePoint software, reaching
governments, businesses, and
organizations worldwide. Now, the
company released a patch over the
weekend, but warns more fixes are coming
as attackers continue targeting
SharePoint clients. Now, the
vulnerabilities were first identified in
May by research at a Berlin cyber
security conference.
Now, India's securities regulator says
Jane Street can resume trading after
depositing more than $560 million in
alleged unlawful gains. Now, the
Securities and Exchange Board says the
firm must seize any manipulative
practices and comply with regulations.
Jane Street denies wrongdoing, calling
its trades basic index arbitrage and
saying it is cooperating with the
investigations.
Morehead, this is the China show.
[Music]
In some corporate news this morning,
crypto betting platform Poly Market has
struck a deal to return to the US market
just weeks after prosecutors shut down
an investigation of the company. In a
statement, the company says it's
re-entering the US by acquiring
derivatives exchange QCX in a $12
million deal. Poly Market rose to
prominence during the 2024 US election,
allowing users to bet on political
outcomes. Cityroup says it's asking its
incoming investment banking analysts to
disclose whether they've already
accepted job offers elsewhere. The bank
says the move is meant to foster a fair
and transparent environment as private
equity firms increasingly recruit junior
bankers early. Goldman Sachs and Morgan
Stanley have recently introduced similar
policies.
>> Right. The check of market moving
stories right now or market moving
sectors. We're looking at Chinese
property stocks. Um yeah, the latest
news here coming through as far as this
exercise to um hasten the recovery in
the sector. Shininoa reporting that
China is pushing to incentivize of
course more supply uh in rental housing.
Uh speaking on property here in Hong
Kong the big news this morning link
reats you might have heard of the stock
here announcing the retirement of its
group CEO and also commencing of course
accession process at 1.6% to the upside
1.7% 1.76 rather okay bit dyslexic but
yes that's going to work for you anyway.
China Rue E. Okay. So, the company has
agreed to buy 30% interest in quite
financial services. Uh 240 million UN is
the give or take transaction price. $34
million US. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session. We started off here seeing
modest tepid gains. We basically have
erased some of that here. We're slightly
to the downside here this morning, but
we've been talking about the chance of
an ashare rally or catchup is certainly
underway. You're starting to see signs
of that too, Dave. really in turnover
and the like
>> as of yesterday. Yeah,
>> as of yesterday. So, we'll see what
turnover is looking like right now. But
as Ivon is pointing out, yeah, these
gains are receding quicker than my
hairline.
Um, which actually says a lot because
the sort of stepping back from the edge
is getting quite quick at this age. The
Let's have a look please at
infrastructure plays before I throw Ivon
off her chair. Um, iron ore is up five
straight days. Now I need to correct
myself. Uh my ex used to say I don't
care enough but now I'm correcting
myself there as well. I am I care enough
to correct myself. There we go. I I I
previously said 6 days. It's actually a
five day. I can't count but I still can
care to correct. There we go. 1.3%. The
point being there's been a rally in
metals on the back of several things.
Maybe the GDP numbers kick this off and
then of course this mega project is
giving further fuel to this current to
this current fire. Uh cement and energy
stocks I hear you almost want to say
something. No. Okay,
>> you keep going. I'll I'll chime in when
Yeah.
>> Power Construction Corp up limit up for
a second straight day. Again, the mega
uh mega damn project is fueling this
rally even further. Although it's
starting to peter off again, receding
quicker again than something
Japanese assets. Uh the cash markets
reopened today. First reaction or
non-reaction to the uh political news
over the weekends going into this week
there. So we're now trading just a touch
below the 40,000 handle on the NK225
there. Uh slightly stronger on the
Japanese, slightly stronger in the US
dollar. Uh but you put everything
together with a euroy yen cross that's a
weaker yen on your screens right now uh
by about a tenth of one uh percent.
Right. Um looking at bond markets, there
we go. Do we have treasuries too?
Anyway, we can talk about treasuries
later. The big question that we've
gotten really is while we have gotten a
meltup in Treasury yields and Japanese
yields, there seem to be global buyers
willing to buy the dip on treasuries.
Where is that big global buy though when
it comes to JGBs? because the BOG has
stepped back and yeah, that void does
does remain. There we go. 10ear yield
4.36%.
>> Yeah, let's ask that question to Masa
Hikaloo, senior fixed income strategist
at State Street Global Advisors. He
joins us from our Tokyo studios this
morning. Masa, it's great to have you.
Yeah, I mean, is is it just kind of much
to do about nothing? You know, this this
upper house election seems like the
market is pretty sanguin about these
results so far. Should they be?
Yeah, I think the price action is
pretty, you know, um very classic um um
sell the rumors by the fact um we have
seen the price action in Japan. JGB
stabilizing um equities is doing okay
and then um dollar yen is actually being
um sold. So so yen is being bought back
a bit um just because of um the
political party LDP has done slightly
better than you know expectation. India
narrowly miss of you know majority but
they have done okay and Ishiba PM Ishiba
seems to be um you know um remaining to
to be the PM for the foreseeable future
at least for the you know um next um one
or two three months time
>> uh Master David here can I ask you then
what that means for the JGB market which
obviously are there other major themes
at play there including what's happening
politically and fiscally that's just a
long way of wanting to figure out is
there anything that you see that
actually stops this meltup in JGB
yields.
Um I think if you take a step back
short-term wise sure you know you have
the whole um global trend of steepening
and that in in in part puts some
pressure in JGB yield curve um making it
a bit steeper but longer term wise you
know Japan doesn't have a funding
problem number one right number two is
post 2020 if you look at across the
major countries G7 Japan is the only
nation that has seen improvement in
their debt to GDP um terms when you look
at both um gross debt to GDP and net to
GDP uh debt to GDP basis. If you look at
the net basis, Japanese debt to GDP has
actually improved um by 17% um from 150%
to 140% just because of you know Japan
has a lot of debt right I'm sorry a lot
of assets um you know you have the
pension funds here you have the Japan is
one of the net credittor in the market
um globally in state right and um if if
anything Japan has been able to outgrow
and and inflate a bit of the debt away
in the past um five years and we do see
that you know that will continue if you
look at the longer term um and also if
you think of um Japan 90% of the debt in
Japan is being funded domestically right
period um and it's it's not a a funding
issue for Japan per se versus the likes
of the UK that you know has um um twin
deficits right um and in other words
Japan the the the
um supply demand imbalances is easily
addressable and mo have been doing did
since um this year they have they've
done it twice um and the the latest one
was I think two weeks ago that they
tweaked the whole um comp insurance
composition. I think if we do see a
further steepening of a curve in Japan
here, MOF will step in and um further
tweak that comp um is comp composition.
And in terms of Japanese um banks,
right, they sitting in a lot of cash,
300 trillion yen. So that's around two
plus trillion dollars of um cash sitting
in um BOJ current account.
>> And the reason why they're not piling
into that um you know buying to JGBs is
because um BOJ still owns a lot of the
JGBs. If you look at the 10 years zone,
right, BOJ still owns 70 to 80% of the
JGB. They're waiting for BOJ to
gradually um you know cut their
purchases. So QT gradual process and
then the other word is um the other way
around is like they are waiting for the
terminal rate to be um reach in Japan
before they would actually plunge in
into buying their JGBs. And in terms of
um foreign investors, I think JGB curve
right, if you look at 530s, the spreads
between five year and 30 year is 200
basis points is at is is actually the
steepest among all the developed um
market um yield curve and it's very very
attractive. I think you know it's a
compelling opportunity especially for
those um real money investors with a
longer term horizon um on a currency
hedge basis.
>> Um that's interesting. Um so maybe you
think this this steepening can continue
uh and maybe some of there are some
long-term opportunities in the JGB
market. Masa you were just in Asia uh
for work and and really talking to a lot
of clients out there. I think one of the
bigger themes if we brought it out is
this whole diversification sort of
strategy you know away from US dollar
assets for example what was some of the
response that you got from some of the
clients there you know is this something
that's actually gaining a lot of
traction now?
>> Thanks Ivon. Yes, I was in Apac um
actually last week. So you know the
greater Asia and I've met some of the um
largest um asset owners in the region
and there's one common theme that um has
been brought up is basically you know
the diversification but not divestment
away from US treasuries just the reason
you know it's very easy right it's
because they a lot of these Asian
investors they are thinking of
diversifying away a bit from US
treasuries just because you have the um
dynamic dynamics of US treasuries not u
behaving as you know a safe haven or a
fully hedged tool um like the
But the problem is right when we talk
about this there's no other asset class
that could actually receive all the
flows if they were to sell down the US
treasuries. So it's more of a
diversification but not diversement flow
um you know story and when we spoke
about you know diversification a lot of
this asset class that came up is one em
local currency number two is actually
JGBs too right they are thinking of like
you know JGBs um hedging back to to
their home currency and that provide a
premium um versus US treasuries that um
basically act as a buffer right if you
do still see you know further sell off
in in in the JGB or in the bond market
as as a whole that's why we think you
know the steep curve steepening trend I
think we we might see a slightly more
steepening trend in Japan but then you
know more or less is being fairly priced
I think and for a longer term um horizon
if you have a longer term horizon um
view I think this is a very compelling
or attractive opportunity to get
yourself in um as an entry point if you
missed the boat um in May when you saw a
big JGB selloff
>> okay just to maybe follow up on US
treasuries because you guys see flows
data at state street which is you know
an interesting viewpoint there. So what
would you say in terms of positioning
and sentiment? So would you say both
those factors are in favor of of lower
treasury yields at least at least over
the medium term?
Uh sure I mean like in states trade you
know um in in the I say in the
investment management side we are the
fourth largest you know asset manager in
the world um managing $5 trillion and we
do have that custodian bank which um
have around like 10 to 15% of global
custody flow and if you look at both of
the data of the ETFs and the custody
flow on a short-term you know two to
three months basis or even looking at a
long-term horizon 5year basis we found
that all this flows is supporting that
you know all the investors globally are
basically underweight US and have a
steeper on. So this is a very consensus
view, right? So if anything we think
that you know um if we do see a catalyst
that will flip that flow and that um US
treasuries will stop steepening and will
rally from here being it might be a you
know mild recession in US or might be
you know Scott Bent um Treasury
Secretary being able to fix that SLR um
regulation for for banks or or even you
know if you see foreigners started
buying in um and stopping that whole
diversification but divestment um theme
of um shining away from your treasuries.
We actually think that you know if you
investors were to neutralize their um
position that would actually be a
positive catalyst for um US treasuries
from here.
>> Masa a final question just to ask you
about inflation. You know, our
economists at Bloomberg Economics have
put out a a forecast and they basically
see global inflation on track to fall
below pre preandemic
levels which you know I think the
reminder for you know that inflation
scare we had two three years ago just
proved to be that you know you know
inflation is rat poison for for fixed
income. Uh just to not mince my words
there. What assumptions are you making
around the inflation environment
globally and do you have enough
information to make an assumption of
where inflation will be in 12 months
time?
>> Look, I think what goes up have to come
down right and then this is what we have
seen in the past um you know 3 to four
years I would say you have seen a big
inflation spike after postcoid and then
is we are in a disinflation trend um now
it's not back to this 2% but at least
it's still at 3%. So we might have a bit
of noises around that just because of
this whole tariff um shenanigans. Um but
again you know long-term long-term tren
you know inflation of course it wouldn't
go back to you know the sub 2% level but
then if you you I think it will manage
to um trend around 2 to 3%. And um with
Treasury curve or you know global rates
priced far above that inflation um
longer term trend right I think this is
a a pretty good um opportunity for
investors to um as an entry point to to
to sit on carry while you know um
position for the next um potential
capital gains from um lower rates from
here.
>> Masa thank you so much. Masaloo there,
senior fixed income strategist at State
Street Global Advisors. Right. Some
lines coming through here and there's a
broader there's a broader story here to
Malaysia asking the United States and
this really brings to mind the new
normal we're waiting in. Uh the new
normal we're operating in rather. Uh the
Malaysia has asked the US to extend tax
exemptions for American EVs. Now they
seek broadly speaking get this 20%
tariffs. I know if you if you're joining
us from two years ago, someone seeking a
20% levy perhaps doesn't make positive
sense. It does not in this sort of
world. Malaysia seeking a 20% US tariff
but is resisting demands as it pertains
to EVs uh EV ownership specifically.
There we go.
>> Yep. And more from that here. The prime
minister Anoir Ibrahim is hoping that
those tariff rates are lower than the
25% that takes effect in August 1st and
really aiming something closer to what
you know some of the regional neighbors
like Indonesia like Vietnam got out of
their trade talks as well. So this is
according to our sources but yes those
talks are ongoing this morning. Uh still
ahead on the China show, we're going to
talk to Bank J. Saffra Sarasen joining
us now on how trade uncertainty is
impacting emerging markets. Also for
their call about the long-term
compelling reasons why we might see this
China equity rally continue here and
really has a lot to do with
anti-involution.
So Bloomberg
[Music]
Well, Haymon Capital CIO Kyle Bass says
a hard decoupling between the US and
Chinese economies is fast approaching.
He told Bloomberg those still doing
business with China and Hong Kong postco
will face steep consequences in the
coming years.
>> I think you know remain over the over
the last call it five six years maybe
longer. Um I've said that uh you know at
some point in time the hard decoupling
is certainly coming. U we don't have we
don't share anything in common from a
values perspective with the Chinese
Communist Party and that ends up
interlacing itself into trade and and
our and our relationship our bilateral
relationship. So when China took over
Hong Kong postco without a shot fired uh
and and call it corrupted the judiciary
and and uh decided to to break the the
the cenino British joint declaration and
the US declaration of our relationships
with Hong Kong. Um I don't understand
why the west continues to do business
with Hong Kong and or China. Uh and I
think those that continue to do so will
pay a hefty price in the coming years.
>> Well, what about all the big US
companies? that of course want to do
business in China, certainly mainland
China because of the population and
obviously uh the perception of a rising
middle class and a rising wealth class.
I mean just last week I mean we spent
countless hours on this network talking
about uh the deal that Jensen Wong
struck to be able to sell uh some of his
Nvidia chips over there in China.
>> Yeah. Um look uh I I think that the
Nvidia deal was a basically a hostage
exchange. Uh the US desperately needed
uh rare earth uh magnets uh and China
desperately needs Nvidia's uh H2O chips
and I think we agreed to do to execute a
hostage transfer i.e. give them the
chips uh they give us the magnets but
the interesting thing in that
transaction is they're requiring us or
US companies to enter a licensing
agreement uh with uh the Chinese rare
earth magnet manu uh uh suppliers and we
have to disclose very sensitive data to
them how many units of production we
have what the cost per unit is of each
car is basically having to sell it soul
to get those magnets and uh we're just
letting those chips move freely into the
Chinese Communist Party's People's
Liberation Army and they're being used
to develop AI in the battlefield, AI in
their weaponry, AI to develop things to
point back at us. Uh so I think that was
a deal with the devil that I think we'll
end up regretting.
>> Well, I am curious though, but from an
investment standpoint, Kyle, do you find
yourself looking for places to put your
money that would maybe counter what you
just laid out with regards to China?
Yeah, I think that uh you know we we
happen to have a partnership with the US
defense department called uh roachfort
management company where we are we are
looking for uh advanced defense
technology both on the offensive side
and defensive side in the United States
uh to help the US military and US
defense department. uh and there are a
number of managers entering into
programs like that where you know we
spend about 2.9% of GDP on defense today
and we all know NATO is trying to catch
up to 2% just gave a 5% uh target. Uh
when you look historically at periods of
war whether you're talking about the
Cold War, the Vietnam War, the Korean
War andor World War II. uh in World War
II there was one year 1945 where we
spent more than 40% of our GDP on
defense. So I think you're going to see
the wind in the sales of defense and
defense tech for the next decade or
more. Uh you saw it in the big beautiful
bill. There's there's another $200
billion going into shoring up uh let's
say where our holes are and where we
need to advance. So I think you're going
to see defense spending as a percentage
of GDP move higher and I think the money
to be invested is on the front end of
defense and defense tech in the United
States for the next decade.
>> Yeah, there we go. Strong takes and
opinions there from that of course Kyle
Bass uh out of Han Capital CIO there
capital management speaking with Roma
there Bostic our colleague there in uh
in the United States. Now, subscribers
can watch us by the way. You can catch
that. There's also u a conversation
around the Japanese currency uh that
they touched on there with with with
Kyle Bass. You can scroll that's just to
say scroll back on the TV go to catch a
lot of the interviews that you might
have missed here on on our shows. Uh of
course you want to be part of the
conversation. You know how to do that
for a Bloomberg client. That's IB the IB
function. And of course you can reach us
and do of course participate. Now,
really on the trade front on that
conversation that they were touching on
between the US and China, we're getting
more lines coming through on this
Bloomberg story as it pertains to what
Malaysia is asking the United States and
that goes into the other story that
we're tracking today in Azan, but also
on trade. Philippine President Bongbo
Marcus is in the US. So, more on those
two two stories in a moment. A look at
markets right now. About an hour into
the cash market session. Plenty more
ahead. This is the China show.
[Music]
Some stories that we're tracking for you
this morning. Hong Kong media reports
say that JD.com has agreed to buy a 70%
stake in local grocery chain Kybo for
510 million US. The acquisition
reportedly includes Kybo's retail
business and property assets. JD.com is
quoted saying that all information is
subject to an official announcement.
Crypto betting platform Poly Market has
struck a deal to return to the US market
just weeks after prosecutors shut down
an investigation of the company. In a
statement, the company says it's
re-entering the US by acquiring
Derivatives Exchange QCX and $112
million deal. Poly Market rose to
prominence during the 2024 US election,
allowing users to bet on political
outcomes. City Croup says it's asking
its incoming investment banking analysts
to disclose whether they've accepted job
offers elsewhere. Now, the bank says a
move is meant to foster a fair and
transparent environment as private
equity firms increasingly recruit junior
bankers early. Goldman Sachs and Morgan
Stanley have recently introduced similar
policies. Officials and cyber security
researchers say that hackers have
exploited a flaw in Microsoft's
SharePoint software, breaching
governments, businesses, and
organizations worldwide. Microsoft
released a patch over the weekend, but
warns more fixes are coming as attackers
continue targeting SharePoint clients.
The vulnerabilities were first
identified in May by researchers at a
Berlin cyber security conference.
>> Okay, now it took a while, but we're
here. Um, obviously when Donald Trump
came into office, we were trying to
figure out what he meant for markets. Do
we take the first Trump
uh phase and you know, White House to
help understand what it meant for
markets, right? And then couple of
months in, you had this trade
negotiations with liberation day, which
really royal markets globally. But
again, we're here uh we put really two
stories out today, right? How Trump
trades have done. Yeah.
>> And really the underlying conviction
that these big global funds have really
piled into this. It's almost a they even
called it a Trump put, right? It's not
so much the taco trade, but there's a
Trump put behind
>> uh some of these assets that you talk
about, right? So, if you look at those
so-called Trump trades, right? Whether
it's US stocks, Bitcoin, dollar, oil,
treasuries, right? For the most part,
you've seen lower Treasury yields. Oil
has come down.
>> Uh Bitcoin's at a near record. So is the
S&P which in some ways does show that
you know more or less you know these
sort of Trump trades have materialized
the way that the president or Scott
Besson had wanted right dollar is
exception right yeah they talked about
wanting a strong dollar but if you're
trying to talk about moving
manufacturing back in the US and tariffs
and the like you know a lot of
economists say that does suggest weaker
dollar still
>> yes and we are we did get a weaker
dollar whether that's by design or by
coincidence is is another thing um
algether together. Um, right. U, so
we'll we'll table that for now. By the
way, so there's a full story that's out
in the Bloomberg terminal. Here's here's
the plug. Uh, you can check that out.
Fund giants put faith in the Trump put
as as Ivoine just put it just now.
Right. Um, Goldman Sachs out with a note
on Hong Kong property. Let's start with
that here. As far as movers go in the
cash market session here about almost an
hour in, New World is a buy I believe
here.
>> U Goldman Solo line was the other thing
they talked about too here.
>> Neutral. Neutral for for New World.
>> New world. Okay, at least Goldman is
saying things are looking better, right?
The property market is showing early
signs of stabilization in Hong Kong. So,
you talk about rising residential
property rents. You have falling
interest rates that certainly does bode
well for the likes of New World even
after getting that refinance in deal as
well. Sign of land on the flip side
though, they're saying that is a sell as
the group operating profit relies on net
interest income. Also talk with link
rate there of course succession plans
and all the like there after the
announcement of the departures at the
top and watching UB Tech there. There's
a share placement there. Shares are down
some 5% this morning. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
heading to that lunch break as well. And
if you take a look at things, things are
pretty smooth sailing, which is a little
bit surprising given, you know, what we
saw politically over the weekend, those
upper house elections. And we're still
waiting to see the fate of Ishapan as
well. So yeah, stocks are slightly bit
up here this morning. We're seeing some
weakness in the yen at 147 levels and
that JGB yields in the 10-year at least
are down one basis points as well. But
we're taking a look at of course looking
ahead that 40-year bond auction is
happening later on this week as well to
deal with too.
>> Yeah, that that could be our our coffee
that wakes us up from what's really been
what's what has seemed like a lunch
break all morning o over in Japan. Uh
similar ditto across these markets as
you can see. So the the headline would
probably be MEI Asia Pacific hovering
between gains and losses. S&P futures
hovering between gains and losses.
Bloomberg dollar index hovering between
gains and losses. It's a mixed picture
across the Asia Pacific. There's no
volumes coming through. It's difficult
being a financial journalist when
nothing is happening. Although we can
get fairly creative. Speaking of
hard-hitting journalism,
this Bloomberg scoop, this is
interesting, right? So, we're continuing
to fill in the blanks on this these
trade negotiations across Azia. We
talked about Vietnam. We'll talk about
the Philippines in a moment. We do
understand from our reporting what's
taking place as far as Malaysia is
concerned that that the government is
seeking to lower the eventual tariffs
from the US to about 20%. But there are
sticking points there that might be part
of that deal. Reluctant to meet certain
demands including foreign ownership and
also EVs. It's according to our
sourcing. People familiar with what is
going on with with those specific.
>> Yeah. You got to ask why Malaysia is so
important because but you know the AI
sort of story is very much fitting right
in Malaysia given the fact that they do
want to remain as part of the supply
chain as well. So you know it is
interesting that they're seeking maybe a
little bit more when it comes to the
tariff side of things. They want to be
more like Indonesia. They want to be
more like Vietnam. Uh but also when it
comes to those exemptions around EVs,
that's certainly something that they're
trying to continue as well. So certainly
that's a big thing for the prime
minister. They're trying to draw a red
line these trade talks when it comes to
the national policies as well. We'll see
if they're they deliver on that front.
>> Okay. Yeah. Market reaction. Nada. Okay.
Um Philippines, let's talk about that
also. So Bongo Marcus is in the United
States set to meet President Trump on
Tuesday at the White House. Uh this does
follow of course visits to uh the
Pentagon and also the state department
focused on tariffs and security
cooperation. For more on this let's
bring in our colleague Ryan Shua is with
us out of Washington to talk us through
this. Ryan, nice to see you sir. Uh what
well it's it's 10:30 in the morning here
in Hong Kong. So as you guys make your
way into the thick of Tuesday in that
side of the world, what time is Trump
actually meeting Bongo Marcus and what
are they going to talk about? Brian,
>> well, we finally got the agenda from the
White House. They just announced that
that meeting will take place at 11:00
a.m. in Washington. So, that's really
late at night, your time. Uh there's
going to be a bilateral meeting. There's
going to be a joint uh working launch
between the two leaders and and
obviously all of this against the
backdrop of those 20% tariffs that
President Trump is threatening to impose
on Philippine products if no deal is
reached by August 1st. President Marcos
has called those uh duty levels very
severe and before he left for DC, he had
pledged to negotiate a trade deal,
really making the case to President
Trump in person to lower those tariffs.
He's of course under pressure to do so
after two of his neighbors in Southeast
Asia, Vietnam, and Indonesia managed to
secure trade deals that came with lower
duties on their products. and and then
domestically he's also under pressure to
deliver an economic win after that
setback in this year's midterm
elections. So all of those factors
coming into play. There's trade, but
we're also expecting some discussions on
strengthening security and defense ties,
a preview of which we got in President
Marcos's meetings today with top
officials in Washington.
>> Um there was also this meeting with
Rubio as well. Well, it seems like
Marcos, you this visit is already seeing
some momentum even before this meeting
in the Oval Office.
>> That's correct, Marcos. They kept Marcos
busy today. He had quite a packed
schedule really meeting with uh top
Trump administration officials. And it's
notable that in both of those meetings
with defense secretary Pete Hex and
Secretary of State Marco Rubio, there
was a re uh reaffirming of that uh
strong US Philippines alliance. a lot of
mention of u of maintaining peace and
stability in the Indo-acific and it's
worth noting that Hexf in his readout of
that uh meeting with Marcos mentioned
this 1951 mutual defense treaty which
the US he said is pledging to uphold uh
basically this agreement uh requires
both sides to come to each other's
defense in case of of an attack. So
really there's some momentum going into
uh Marcus' meeting with President Trump
at the White House on Tuesday. But you
know whether that translates into a
trade deal is going to be favorable for
the Philippines of course remains to be
seen. Although some Philippine officials
are quite optimistic. We heard from uh
the Philippine ambassador to the US that
they're still hopeful for some sort of
free trade agreement down the line. Uh
the ambassador cited the fact that you
know Marcus' mother Alda is an
acquaintance of President Trump and the
fact that uh President Trump had invited
uh Marcos to stay at Blair House which
is this exclusive uh guest house for
visiting heads of state that apparently
not everyone gets to stay at.
>> Okay. So maybe that's one bit of
leverage.
>> A nice treatment there. Uh what other
leverage or what leverage do you think
Marcus then has uh in these trade talks
with with the US? Ryan,
>> well, he could certainly play up the
fact that they have this security
alliance that has just gotten stronger
under his administration. Um he's really
restored that that security relationship
that came under strain under Marcus'
predecessor, Rodrigo Duterte, who
favored closer ties with China. So under
Marcos, we've seen an expansion of uh US
military bases in the Philippines. He's
hosted thousands of American troops for
military exercises. He's even allowed
the deployment of this US missile
defense system that China apparently
didn't like. Um so there's a lot of
things going on and just now we heard
from local media quoting the ambassador
that talks are set to begin on building
this um US ammunition production and
storage facility on northern Lison
island. So that's certainly a big step
in deepening this security uh
relationship. there's that security
aspect, but when it comes to actual
trade, uh the Philippine trade
delegation that's been negotiating with
officials in Washington have actually
made some pretty concrete pledges to
increase purchases of US farm products
like soybeans and and frozen meat to
address this um trade deficit that has
widened in in recent years. But then
again, everything remains to be seen
whether all of that will be enough to
sway Trump is anyone's guess. So, we'll
certainly be watching that tomorrow.
>> Ryan, it looks like you have a big day
ahead of you as well. Ryan Chuah there
joining us there, joining us live from
DC. Thank you. And as as we talk about,
right, Trump's August 1 tariff deadline
is just a little over a week away and
it's been emerging economies here in
Asia making the most obvious headway in
their trade talks with DC. Indonesia, as
we've been talking about, has a deal
Vietnam negotiators are working on the
terms of an agreement the US president
announced earlier this month. What does
this mean for the whole EM outlook?
Joining us now is Molly Shabbakul,
emerging markets economist at Bankj
Saffra Saras Sarver. Uh it's great to
have you Molly. What should we be
looking at when it comes to these trade
deals, particularly when it comes to
Azon, right? It seems like most want to
be like the Vietnam model. Is that sort
of the template?
>> Yeah, I think we would take that as a
prototype. I mean Vietnam is the most
exposed among the Asan countries in
terms of you know trade to the US and
you can see that they have given up
basically you know in terms of the
concession to the US um in exchange of
this 20% tariffs for on the reciprocal
tariffs. So I think for the other
countries it might be around this
ballpark as a 20%. Um although I think
it is also very important to to also
take a look at how the the sectoral
tariffs will actually um pan out because
that is also coming and semiconductor
um exemption is still very important to
most of these asan countries at this
point. So the effective tariffs rate is
actually lower than you know than what
it is um at this point. But if
semiconductor tariffs is ramping up,
then the picture is going to be very
different. For example, for Malaysia,
for Thailand, um I think that's going to
be a very different picture.
>> What do you suspect trade flows will
look like once we see the the final
details of the trade terms with Azia
because we've seen the front loing and I
wonder what to expect on the other side
of that.
>> Yes, exactly. because I think this front
loing is also because of the tariff
differential between China and the
Assean countries right and what we have
seen so far is that the if we maintain
the 20% versus 40 something% for China
that will be big enough um to for trans
shshipment to happen but I think the US
is recognizing this and it is trying to
address this within the all the
negotiations with Asan countries
>> so I I think we will likely see a much
lower um exports in the second half of
the year coming out of ASEAN. Um given
that you know the tariffs will likely go
up the rates.
>> Yeah.
>> As well as the fact that you have
already frontloaded exports in the first
half of the year.
>> What does it mean for inflation? I mean
it seems like tariffs right now is it
more dis disinflationary
with the exception of the US because it
seems like it's bringing demand down.
It's bringing energy prices down and
it's bringing Asian currencies up
against the dollar.
>> Yeah, exactly. I think it is it is only
inflationary for the US although we
haven't really seen a real impact yet
mainly because you know the the goods
prices um is still a pretty small part
of the whole basket. But within the Asan
economies, we have both the direct
impact where the demand is going to be
lower from abroad as well as the impact
from China where it is trying to export
more of the goods to Asan economies. And
we have seen this. We have seen Thailand
seeing a deflation for the last couple
of months. Um and we have seen you know
all the other countries also having very
low inflation. H we had a guest
yesterday on the fixed income side and
the thesis that they were operating on
was probably the bulk of rate cuts
within EM particularly EM Asia are still
to come. Mhm.
>> Um I think to the point you were making,
we've seen the likes of the Philippines,
Malaysia,
>> South Korea have started rate cutting
cycles a few months back and I
>> and I wonder do you think the more cuts
are ahead than what we've seen so far or
are we almost done in anticipation of
the the coming slowdown that you've
outlined for us there?
>> No, I think more cuts are coming. Um
monetary policy is may basically the
only game in town for Asan countries.
>> Okay. because fiscal expansion is not
really in the picture. Markets have been
very sensitive to any fiscal
you know uh being not very prudent or
being seen as you know expanding too
much. So for example Indonesia earlier
in the year when revenue fell um quite
substantially you see that you know
markets really reacted to that and I
think asan countries do not want this.
Um so I think monetary policy is still
is still going to be the anchor for you
know for the next 6 to 12 months.
>> How does that translate to markets and
and the outperformance we've seen in EM
equities which have basically
outperformed developed markets in the
first half can I expect the same thing
to continue in the second half? Yeah, it
basically you have two forces with the
force on the you know slowdown of
growth, slowdown of the economy. Of
course rates are getting lower and that
might offset some of it. Um but it might
not be you know enough because this
takes time right the monetary policy
usually takes I don't know six months or
so to actually start working. So we
think that this might maybe more you
know in more in the next um year. M um
I'd like to ask you about China monetary
policy where rates have been low for
some time. In fact, they've been low for
more than 6 months. You know, that is
one place where you would expect
inflation to have already shown up if
you go by the textbook yet it's still
low prices and the market's trying to
figure out is does China remain still
only a tactical trade or is that you
know a long-term trade I can get into
right now? What to you will be the most
compelling factor that would determine
whether China remains a tactical trade
or is that now an you know a longer term
structural story that investors can buy
into? Finally,
>> I think it would become a longerterm
structural story if they manage to
actually change the way they operate in
terms of, you know, the growth model
>> at this point as we have seen this
anti-involution
drive um trying to stop the price
competition. I think this is basically
just going to help on the margin because
in the end the whole picture is such
that the incentive structure is built in
a way that you target GDP growth at the
local levels. So the local officials
would like more production. More
productions mean excess capacity. Excess
capacity leads to price competition. And
I think together with lower demand
>> at this point, you will not be able to
get to the, you know, to the uh to get
this deflationary problem um to get rid
of it.
>> How long do you think they'll take to
get inflation back?
uh probably will get back to low
inflation um in the next 12 months but I
cannot really see uh the drive that
would actually push it back towards more
of a its target of you know 2 3%.
Okay. Well, thank you so much. That was
great.
>> Thank you.
>> Uh Molly Shibak there, uh emerging
markets economist at BankJ Saffra Saras
there on Yeah, just about everything
there. Lots lots to consider as we move
into of course the thick of things in
the second half of this year. Right.
Speaking of the second half, we're
almost going into the back quarter half
here of of our show and we're looking at
markets have quickly reversed the early
gains including the CSI 300. It's quite
out there though. Plenty more ahead
though. This is the China show.
[Music]
We're looking at some of these
infrastructure plays in the region
further cementing and building on these
gains that we've seen of late. Uh the
third ticker on your screen is Power
Construction Corp. does of course all
things in the hydro space and everything
more and it's really shown up in
markets. this mega dam project not just
in equities we've seen it in fixed
income we've seen it in commodities as
well Ivon
>> yeah you talk about the different asset
classes where we are seeing quite a
massive sort of reaction to all this
right right the launching of this hydro
power pro you know project uh in Tibet
now you and it really kind of brings you
back to maybe the three gorgeous dam but
really it's three times the size of the
three gorgeous dam just to go show how
massive this project is it's expected to
private It provide an economic boost but
also does carry some risk as well right
potential damage to biodiversity and as
you see with the location of this dam
its proximity to India that's because
you're talking about here this is the
Yarlong Samole river it runs through the
state Aruna Pradesh in northeast India
the cost as well is also right
mountainous you take a look at that
right you take a look at the how it is
we're talking about close to 170 billion
ion dollar here in terms of a price tag
and could take up to 10 years to
complete. Can you give the viewers a
sense of the project? Why is it so
important? Well, because of the sheer
size of it, the environmental sort of
impact there, the concerns that India
has, that certainly is one thing that
we're seeing there and we should focus a
little bit more on maybe what this means
for India. Dave.
>> Yeah. No, absolutely. In fact, let's get
a sense of that right now because our
Bloomberg government reporter in fact is
there with us Ranjan Sen is in Delhi for
us to really help us understand the
relevance of this from where you are
specifically. Uh just give us a sense of
what how this conversation is is
evolving uh in your in your side.
>> Well to begin with there there has been
and there is a sense of unease in India
over this project and it's it's a long
longstanding unease. We have seen this
uh you know pop up in discussions off
and on again but now it seems with the
announcement the formal announcement of
you know the groundbreaking of the
project uh these concerns have deepened.
What we what the government is kind of
officially given out are the following.
One this issue has been raised as
recently as January with China. B the
government has also kind of told law
lawmakers in India that you know India
has been raising these concerns with
China that the interests of the lower
riparian states uh should not and cannot
be uh put at risk. Uh that is where it
stands. uh there is also an entire issue
of hydraological data which is very very
important given the fact that we have
seen kind of you know the sudden flash
floods in the US kind of you know
underlining the importance of
hydraological data that hydraological
data is not being shared uh between the
two countries so that is another cause
of concern so net net in some a lot of
concern and and and we I mean I'm quite
sure this is not the last that we have
heard over this dam and conversations
on damning the Yalang Sanpo or the
Brahmaputra
by China.
>> Yeah. And maybe so tell us a bit more
about why this you know sort of
emergency could be a source of tension
between India and China.
>> Well to begin with you know the the
Brahmaputra the alang sanu which turns
and enters into India when it becomes
it's called the Brahmaputra river. It is
one of the main sources of water for
millions and millions of people in the
northeastern region of India. That is
about seven states. It's a major source
of livelihood. So any drop in water uh
in that it's used for agriculture, it's
used for fishing and so on and so forth.
So any drop in water quantity is going
to lead to tensions. Uh a significant
amount not all of the water that comes
into India comes from you know from the
Tibetan plateau. The rest of it is
collected you know from the rains on the
Indian side. But even then any drop in
water will you know put at risk lives of
thousand millions of people in India and
not only India it then flows down into
Bangladesh or it tributaries flow into
Bangladesh. So there is going to be
impact in the lower riperian states.
All right, Sudi, thank you. Sudi Ranjan
Sen there, our government reporter
joining us out of New Delhi there about
how this could really emerge as as maybe
a source of tension between India and
China. In other news this morning,
India's securities regulator says Jane
Street can resume trading after
depositing more than $560 million in
alleged unlawful gains. The Securities
and Exchange Board says the firm must
seize any manipulative practices and
comply with regulations. Jane Street
denies wrongdoing, calling its trades
quote, basic index arbitrage and saying
it's cooperating with the investigation.
Treasury Secretary Scott Besson is
calling for an exhaustive review of the
Fed's non-monetary policy operations,
including renovations to its
headquarters in Washington. The Fed and
Chair Jay Powell have faced weeks of
criticism from the Trump administration
over the building renovations and for
not cutting interest rates again. Now in
a post on X, Besson says that
significant mission creep may be
jeopardizing the independence of the
central bank's core monetary policy
mission. We got plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Uh we're looking at
Hong Kong property well for various
reasons. One is the uh upgraded calls
coming out of Goldman Sachs. Number two
is the uh link rates and the
announcement of the CEO and changes at
the top and the process of succession is
underway. Uh that's point number two.
Point number three is maybe related to
that real estate to Hainan though
specifically on the back of policy
pronouncements there and you're looking
at Hainan related stocks um going the
opposite of naan which is bay which is
north. There we go.
Got you again.
>> Your dad jokes. Yeah. So, they're
talking about a free trade port
development uh in that area. So, that's
why you are seeing some of these sort of
duty-free operators and all that are
doing pretty well here today. And yeah,
some analyst saying high not likely to
have more brands and retailers with a
bigger market over time. We're watching
highore too.
>> Yeah. Uh the opposite of high, which is
lowbore actually filed back below 1%
yesterday. We'll get an update in a
couple of minutes. That's it from us.
We'll see you all tomorrow. This is the
China Show.